README.md, before:

# alx-frontend-javascript

This repository contains projects related to the ALX Software Engineering curriculum, focusing on modern JavaScript and TypeScript development. The projects cover various ES6 features, Promises, Classes, Data Manipulation, and TypeScript.

## Table of Contents

- [Projects](#projects)
  - [0x00. ES6 Basics](#0x00-ES6_basic)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Projects

### 0x00. ES6 Basics
This directory contains projects that introduce and explore the basics of ES6 (ECMAScript 2015). Topics include:
- Let and Const
- Arrow Functions
- Template Literals
- Destructuring
- Spread and Rest Operators

## Getting Started

To get a copy of the projects up and running on your local machine, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js
- npm (Node Package Manager)
   ```sh
   curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x -o nodesource_setup.sh
   sudo bash nodesource_setup.sh
   sudo apt install nodejs -y
   ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/PimehT/alx-frontend-javascript.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory
   ```sh
   cd alx-frontend-javascript
   ```

## Usage

1. Navigate to the specific project directory and follow the instructions provided in the README.md file within that directory.
   ```sh
   cd 0x00-ES6_basics
   ```
2. Run the project scripts using
   ```sh
   npm run dev <index>-main.js
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork this repository and create a pull request with your changes. Ensure that your code follows the existing code style.

## Acknowledgements

- [ALX Software Engineering](https://www.alxafrica.com/)
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
- [ECMAScript 2015 Specification](https://262.ecma-international.org/6.0/)

Commit message:

updated README.md, includes 0x01. ES6 Promises

README.md, after:

# alx-frontend-javascript

This repository contains projects related to the ALX Software Engineering curriculum, focusing on modern JavaScript and TypeScript development. The projects cover various ES6 features, Promises, Classes, Data Manipulation, and TypeScript.

## Table of Contents

- [Projects](#projects)
  - [0x00. ES6 Basics](#0x00-ES6_basic)
  - [0x01. ES6 Promises](#0x01-ES6_promise)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Projects

### 0x00. ES6 Basics
This directory contains projects that introduce and explore the basics of ES6 (ECMAScript 2015). Topics include:
- Let and Const
- Arrow Functions
- Template Literals
- Destructuring
- Spread and Rest Operators

### 0x01. ES6 Promises
This directory focuses on Javascript Promises, covering:
- Creating and using Promises
- Chaining Promises
- Handling errors with Promises
- Using `Promise.all` and `Promise.race`

## Getting Started

To get a copy of the projects up and running on your local machine, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js
- npm (Node Package Manager)
   ```sh
   curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x -o nodesource_setup.sh
   sudo bash nodesource_setup.sh
   sudo apt install nodejs -y
   ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/PimehT/alx-frontend-javascript.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory
   ```sh
   cd alx-frontend-javascript
   ```

## Usage

1. Navigate to the specific project directory and follow the instructions provided in the README.md file within that directory.
   ```sh
   cd 0x00-ES6_basics
   ```
2. Run the project scripts using
   ```sh
   npm run dev <int>-main.js
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork this repository and create a pull request with your changes. Ensure that your code follows the existing code style.

## Acknowledgements

- [ALX Software Engineering](https://www.alxafrica.com/)
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
- [ECMAScript 2015 Specification](https://262.ecma-international.org/6.0/)
